i think you touched a really important
point which is to phrase good questions
not as easy as it sounds so weak
question would be
i'm not getting organic traffic what can
i do a lot of people
ask me these poorly phrased questions a
really good question is
my organic traffic decreased here are
three assumptions that i have for each
assumption here are
two to three things that i'm planning to
do am i on the right path yes or no just
reply with a y or an n
perfect if you work in a company and you
report to someone you should
actually think about the same thing make
it super easy for your boss or for your
manager
to say yes or no and show them your
thought through all the options
and show them your thinking your
rationale when people reach out to me
with such a kind of question
shows me they're very much on top of
their thing and i'm much more inclined
to point out a way where i would think
differently but also makes
so much easier to mentor someone because
they
do all the heavy lifting i promise you
90 of those emails never go out because
if you got to that point
most of the time you don't need somebody
to say yes or no